docs: :lipstick: update landing page with an image (#836)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: index.qmd

---
title: Grow structured, organized, and *usable* data
toc: false
page-layout: custom
section-divs: false
sidebar: false
about:
  id: hero-heading
  template: jolla
  image: "docs/images/home.svg"
  image-title: Image from Storyset.

>   image-alt: Illustration of a woman interacting with digital files and folders, with database objects on the ground in front of her.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  image-alt: Illustration of a woman interacting with digital files and folders, with databases and a folder on the ground in front of her.
```
Mostly bc I'm not sure about "database objects"
